# My Token Wallet Slack Community Guidelines

This community is a Crypto-Currency and MTW discussion platform
dedicated to free speech. Every individual who wishes to join has a
voice on this platform so long as they follow our community guidelines.

Please review the [**prohibited content**](#prohibited-content) section
outlined below these guidelines:

* As there are an ever growing range of topics to discuss within the
  Crypto-Currency ecosystems, please post your comments and questions
  within the relevant sub-channels of this community. If you should find
  that there isn’t a sub-channel that fits the nature of your content,
  ask a moderator for assistance in creating one.

* As this channel is publicly accessible, your digital identity within
  the community should be treated identically to your real-life
  identity. Please keep sensitive and personal information to yourself.

* Please be polite and respectful of others. Respond to comments with
  civility.

* Enjoy the MTW Slack channel! Direct any questions or comments you have
  to a Moderator.

## Prohibited Content

All topics related to Crypto-Currency are acceptable within this group,
barring these prohibitions to content:

### Content that is Illegal

Crypto-Currencies have no country of origin, and as such does not follow
any national codes of law. However, the posting of information or goods
belonging to a copyrighted or trademarked entity will not be tolerated,
and as a result, content that infringes on copyrights or trademarks will
result in deletion of the violating content and a permanent ban of the
violating content poster.

In addition, content that is of an illegal sexual nature, including but
not limited to, child pornography or unauthorized pornographic content
will result in deletion of the violating content and a permanent ban of
the violating content poster. If your content is Not Safe For Work
(NSFW), it is not welcome in this community. These descriptors are not
the sole limiting factors of what may be considered Illegal content, and
final discretion of what will be deemed as illegal content is reserved
exclusively to the moderation team. Content that promotes or incites
Violence

A Crypto-Currency can be a very emotion filled and polarizing topic to
discuss. Nevertheless, content that encourages or incites violence of
any kind will not be tolerated in any fashion. This includes content
that is of a violent nature directed towards any individual, or any
groups of people. Anything that violates this rule will result in
deletion of the violating content and a permanent ban of the violating
content poster. Content involving Bullying or Harassing Behavior
(Trolling)

This community, in the spirit of Crypto-Currency, is dedicated to open
and free discussion. However, bullying and harassment will not be
tolerated in any form on this platform. As a clarification, bullying or
harassing behavior is defined in this community as: systematic and/or
continued actions to torment or demean anyone in a way that would make a
reasonable person conclude that this community is not a safe platform to
express their ideas or participate in the conversation, or fear for
their safety or the safety of those around them. We choose to model our
communities attitude towards bullying and harassment in a similar
fashion to other community sites such as Reddit or Facebook.

Any content or behavior that violates this rule will result in deletion
of the violating content and a permanent ban of the violating content
poster. As a further clarification, being deliberately annoying or
participating in a heated discussion is not considered bullying or
harassment. However, there are healthy limits to all such behavior, and
any content or behavior that crosses this threshold will immediately be
considered a violation of this rule and will result in deletion of the
violating content and a permanent ban of the violating content poster.
This community does not support Trolling. Content that is of a Personal
or Private Nature (Doxxing)

This community will not tolerate or condone Doxxing. Period. Doxxing is
defined as: “The publishing of private or identifying information about
(a particular individual) on the Internet”. A digital identity is not a
guarantee of privacy by any means, and this is a well known fact.

However, every individual is entitled to the privacy and security of
personal information that they have not chosen to divulge to the public.
Doxxing is an incredibly controversial subject. For clarification, if a
public figure, such as a CEO or well known entity has personally linked
a digital identity with their actual identity on a public forum or
community, posting information about such a link in a non-malicious
manner will not be defined as Doxxing.

This is a fine line to walk however, and all decisions in regards to
Doxxing will be left solely to the discretion of the moderators. While
discussions and debates can inflame tempers and leave lasting
impressions, revenge type posting such as Doxxing can do very real and
lasting damage to an individual's life. The moderation team of this
platform does not condone or tolerate Doxxing, and we ask that all users
do the same. Do not condone or encourage anyone to engage in or
participate in any Doxxing related content or activity.

Report all instances of Doxxing to a moderator immediately. Any content
or behavior that violates this rule will result in deletion of the
violating content and a permanent ban of the violating content poster.
Content that is Spam

Blatant spam will not be tolerated on this platform. There is no
shortage of products and services in the Crypto-Currency ecosystem that
are not reputable and spam like. If your intention in joining this
community is to primarily post content of this scam / spam nature,
please take this content elsewhere.

If your presence in this community is to promote a certain good or
service, please contact the moderation team before you begin posting,
and express your intentions. Furthermore, please do not derail
conversations or debates with wildly off topic subjects or links.
Pushing a certain agenda or rhetoric dogmatically in contrast to the
overall tone of discussion is extremely spammy, and is not a welcome
addition to any dialogue.

### Subject to Change

These Community Guidelines are subject to change at the discretion of
Crypto-Currency.com, and as such, all users should review this document
from time to time. All changes to the Community Guidelines become
effective from the date of their revision and any such changes shall be
notified on the Slack channel for all users to review.

If you have any comments or questions about this Channel, please do not
hesitate to contact a moderator of this community for clarification.

Participation within this community is Voluntary. Use of this community
constitutes agreement with our communities guidelines and our
Prohibitions of content*
